# diving-bell

Diving bell uses kubectl, terraform, and skuba to manage k8s clusters

## Usage

    Manage a k8s cluster using kubectl, terraform, and skuba

    Usage:
      diving-bell [command]

    Available Commands:
      bootstrap   Bootstrap the cluster using skuba
      config      Config related actions
      deploy      Deploy a cluster with one command
      help        Help about any command
      provision   Provision the cluster using terraform
      status      Get the current status of the cluster

    Flags:
          --config string   config file (default is $HOME/.diving-bell.yaml)
      -h, --help            help for diving-bell

    Use "diving-bell [command] --help" for more information about a command.

### Bootstrapping

  You bootstrap a pre provisioned cluster as long as you already have a config locally with `diving-bell bootstrap`. This uses skuba to bootstrap the cluster and kubectl to make sure the cluster is ready.
  
  For more about the config read below

### Config

Example config for a cluster at the default location `$HOME/.diving-bell.yaml`:

    clusterName: "test-cluster"
    controlPlaneTarget: "10.17.1.0"
    terraformWorkspacePath: "~/github/skuba/ci/infra/libvirt"
    managers:
            - user: "sles"
              target: "10.17.2.0"
              hostName: "testing-master-0"
            - user: "sles"
              target: "10.17.2.1"
              hostName: "testing-master-1"
            - user: "sles"
              target: "10.17.2.2"
              hostName: "testing-master-2"

    workers:
            - user: "sles"
              target: "10.17.3.0"
              hostName: "testing-worker-0"

            - user: "sles"
              target: "10.17.3.1"
              hostName: "testing-worker-1"

#### Gen
  To generate a config run `diving-bell config gen [cluster name] [terraform workspace path]`. This will use the output from terraform to generate a config and print it to the console. You can add the `--write` flag and it will write the config to the default location.

#### Retrieve
  To retrieve the config from the cluster `diving-bell config retrieve [cluster name]`. This will use the kubeconfig in the cluster dir generated by skuba to retrieve the config.

#### Update
  To update/store the config in the cluster as a configmap `diving-bell config update [cluster name]` This will use the skuba cluster dir and a locally written config to update the one stored in the cluster.

### Deployment
  To provision and bootstrap a cluster with one command you can run `diving-bell deploy [cluster name] [terraform workspace path]`. This use terraform to provision a cluster and skuba to bootstrap it. If a skuba cluster dir with the same cluster name exists this command will fail. You can override that behavior using the `--redeploy` flag.

  To do this all one step at a time you would run all these commands
  ```
  diving-bell provision [terraform workspace path]
  diving-bell config gen [cluster name] [terraform workspace path] --write
  diving-bell bootstrap
  diving-bell config update [cluster name]
  ```

### Provisioning
  To provision a cluster `diving-bell provision [terraform workspace path]` this requires you to have all your terraform file filled out and ready.
